Prepare 21.10.0 rn (#1121)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/releases/centreon-core.md

You can find in this chapter all changelogs concerning **Centreon Core**.

> It is very important when you update your system to refer to this section in order to learn about behavior changes or
> major changes that have been made on this version. This will let you know the impact of the installation of these
> versions on the features you use or the specific developments that you have built on your platform (modules,
> widgets, plugins).

If you have feature requests or want to report a bug, please go to our
[Github](https://github.com/centreon/centreon/issues/new/choose)

## Centreon Web

### 21.10.0

#### Enhancements

- [Authentication] Improve OIDC support (OpenId Connect)
  - Add Okta support
  - Add MS Azure AD / ADFS

>   - Add possibility to define with claim is used for Centreon login

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add possibility to define which claim is used for Centreon login
```

>   - Add possibility to define complete url for endpoints

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add possibility to define complete URL for endpoints
```

  - Add possibility to use client_secret_basic as authentication. Based on PR
    [#9878](https://github.com/centreon/centreon/pull/9878)

>   - Allow to do not defined redirect URL. Based on PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Allow to define no redirect URL. Based on PR
```

    [#9877](https://github.com/centreon/centreon/pull/9877)
  - Add errors log in /var/log/centreon/login.log
  - Add possibility to display debug log in /var/log/centreon/login.log
  - Use proxy if defined
- [API] API versioning is now consistent with Centreon's major release number
- [CEIP] Product Adoption component integration
- [Configuration] The poller management actions are now only available via buttons:
  - "Add" now leads to the wizard.
  - "Add (advanced)" leads to the former "Add" action (for experts only).
  - "Delete" and "Duplicate" are converted into buttons.
  - "Delete" should normally not be confused with another action.
- [Configuration] The deprecated "Logger" tab of the "Broker configuration" menu has been removed
- [Resources Status] Revamp Search experience
- [Resources Status] Revamp Timeline
- [Resources Status] Add Sticky and Persistent options to ACK in Resource Status
- [Resources Status] Allow detail tiles to be re-ordered for each user

> - [Resources Status] Add multi-select to Rersources Status listing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Resources Status] Add multi-select to Resources Status listing
```

#### Beta enhancements

- [Configuration] Administrators can toggle a new button in the Pollers top-counter menu that allows them to export and
  reload the configuration of all pollers from any page

#### Breaking changes

> Access to API v2 has been changed. All of the beta endpoints have been migrated to version 21.10. This must be
> modified by "latest" or by the version of your Centreon platform (v21.10 for example).

For example replace:
```shell
{protocol}://{server}:{port}/centreon/api/beta/login
```

By:
```shell
{protocol}://{server}:{port}/centreon/api/latest/login
```

or:
By:
```shell
{protocol}://{server}:{port}/centreon/api/v21.10/login
```

#### Performances

- Move to PHP 8.0
- Preparing Debian 11 support

## Centreon Engine

### 21.10.0

- Flapping now starts only on non-OK states. Based on PR [#523](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-engine/pull/523)
- Flapping now starts only for services of UP hosts or for hosts with UP parent. Based on PR [#524](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-engine/pull/524). Fixes Issue [#192](https://github.com/centreon/centreon-engine/issues/192)

## Centreon Broker

### 21.10.0

> - Queue (in memory and retention files) are now cleared when the connection is reset. This is a change of behavior back to what it should have always been. It will prevent endless retention files for Centreon-Studio (Centreon-Map).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Queues (in memory and retention files) are now cleared when the connection is reset. This is a change of behavior back to what it should have always been. It will prevent endless retention files for Centreon-Studio (Centreon-Map).
```
